What do I want to learn or understand better?

	This week was the first time I worked with a business model canvas. I found it interesting, and would like to become even more familiar with it for future projects. 
	In the upcoming weeks I want to become better at breaking down user stoires, and work with priority of these. I have worked with scrum before, but then my group often had 1-2 user stories a week and person, and I am convinced it would contribute to a more satisfactory and clear work environment if we would have broken these up into more smaller user stories. 
	In the previous projects I have never worked with prioritizing user stories with the product owner as an routine. This is also something I am looking forward to implement and will probably lead to learning how to find a better work structure.


How can I help someone else, or the entire team, to learn something new?

	By being an active participant in our sessions and group chat I will share my knowledge.
	I also believe that by keeping the work load on every group member at a pleasing level will reduce stress, and in that way we will be more open for discussions and learn and try new things. 
	So, by being a part of creating a well structured team I will encourage new learnings from each other.
	During this week there were some group exercises led by the teachers, which showed to be educational and had direct connection the project. Therefore, I will make sure to participate a lot on exercise sessions to give my team the fair opportunity to practise.


What is my contribution towards the team’s use of Scrum?

	I have been an active team member, and participated during the scrum exercises to learn more about scrum. 
	I also raised the question about working on week 14, with an suggestion about what we should accomplish next week, which led to decisions. 
	I also came with the proposition to distribute different resposibilities in the near future, now when we have a grip about the project scope and what lies ahead. We decided to do this next week, and I have written a list with suggestions of resposibilities that I believe to be useful.

What is my contribution towards the team’s deliveries?

	I were involved during our sessions and discussed, wrote and came with idéas. I contributed to all the deliverables of the week.
	